Create "Dangerous environment variables" section (#1268)
astronomer/docs: astro/platform-variables.md

sidebar_label: 'Global environment variables'
title: 'Global environment variables'
id: platform-variables
description: A list of environment variables that are set globally on Astro and should not be modified.
---

> As part of the Astro architecture, certain environment variables have preset values that should not be overridden by your organization. The following table provides information about each global environment variable set by Astronomer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Astro, certain environment variables have preset system values that are required and should not be overridden by your organization. The following table provides information about each global environment variable set by Astronomer.

For information on setting your own environment variables, see [Environment variables](environment-variables.md).
```

> As part of the Astro architecture, certain environment variables have preset values that should not be overridden by your organization. The following table provides information about each global environment variable set by Astronomer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Astro, certain environment variables have preset system values that are required and should not be overridden by your organization. The following table provides information about each global environment variable set by Astronomer.

For information on setting your own environment variables, see [Environment variables](environment-variables.md).
```

:::danger 

> Attempting to set these variables can result in unexpected behavior on your Deployments and clusters. If you need to set one of these variables for a specific use case, reach out to [Astronomer support](https://cloud.astronomer.io/support).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Attempting to set these variables can result in unexpected behavior on your Deployments and clusters. If you need to set one of these variables for a specific use case, contact [Astronomer support](https://cloud.astronomer.io/support).
```
From our style guide:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/104205257/193565397-a0c373a6-5f78-4332-84b1-f4725a306013.png)

> Attempting to set these variables can result in unexpected behavior on your Deployments and clusters. If you need to set one of these variables for a specific use case, reach out to [Astronomer support](https://cloud.astronomer.io/support).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Cloud UI does not currently prevent you from setting these environment variables, but attempting to set them can result in unexpected behavior that can include access problems, missing task logs, and failed tasks.

If you need to set one of these variables for a particular use case, contact [Astronomer support](https://cloud.astronomer.io/support).
```

:::

## System environment variables

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

> The following environment 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Delete extra spaces here

| `AIRFLOW__WEBSERVER__COOKIE_SECURE`        | Sets a `secure` flag on server cookies                                                                               | `True`                                  |
| `AIRFLOW__WEBSERVER__INSTANCE_NAME`        | Shows the name of your Deployment in the Home view of the Airflow UI                                                 | `<Deployment-Name>`                     |
| `AIRFLOW__CELERY__WORKER_CONCURRENCY`      | Determines how many tasks each Celery worker can run at any given time and is the basis of worker auto-scaling logic | `<Max-Tasks-Per-Worker>`                |
| `AIRFLOW__WEBSERVER__NAVBAR_COLOR`         | The color of the main navigation bar in the Airflow UI                                                               | `#4a4466`                               |
| `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY`       | The key secret for accessing Astro's managed S3 bucket¹           |
| `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`  | The key ID for accessing Astro's managed S3 bucket¹ |

:::info 

> ¹ `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` and `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID` are set only for AWS clusters. There are no restrictions for setting these environment variables on GCP and Azure clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
¹ The `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` and `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID` environment variables are required only for Deployments running on AWS. For any Deployment running on an AWS cluster, they should not be overridden.

There are no restrictions with setting these values for Deployments running on GCP and Azure.
```

Do we actually reference the "1" thing up top?

sidebar_label: 'Global environment variables'
title: 'Global environment variables'
id: platform-variables
description: A list of environment variables that are set globally on Astro and should not be modified.
---

In Astro, certain environment variables have preset values that are required and should not be overridden by your organization. The following table provides information about each global environment variable set by Astronomer.

For information on setting your own environment variables, see [Environment variables](environment-variables.md).

> :::danger 

Author: ```suggestion
:::warning 
```

If you need to set one of these variables for a particular use case, contact [Astronomer support](https://cloud.astronomer.io/support).

:::

## System environment variables

| Environment Variable                       | Description                                                                                                          | Value                                   |
| ------------------------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------- |
| `AIRFLOW__LOGGING__REMOTE_LOGGING`         | Enables remote logging                                                                                               | `True`                                  |
| `AIRFLOW__LOGGING__REMOTE_BASE_LOG_FOLDER` | Location of remote logging storage                                                                                   | `baseLogFolder`                         |

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

| `AIRFLOW__WEBSERVER__NAVBAR_COLOR`         | The color of the main navigation bar in the Airflow UI                                                               | `#4a4466`                               |

## Dangerous environment variables 

You can set the following variables in your Astro Deployment, but doing so can break system components on the data plane. Before setting any of these environment variables, review their related notes to determine whether setting them will disrupt your Deployments. 

| Environment Variable                       | Description                        | Note                                                                                                                                                                 |
| ------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `AIRFLOW__LOGGING__REMOTE_LOGGING`         | Enables remote logging             | Setting this environment variable in a Deployment on an AWS cluster can break task logging for the Deployment. GCP an Azure clusters are not affected by this issue. |

Author: Side note: until very recently we used to tell users to use these environment variables in https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/secrets-backend . Is it worth mentioning these variables there now in a `:::Caution` note, or is that just inviting people to try setting the variables themselves?

Reviewer 2: Would it better to wrap the text in an information block rather than a caution? Also, you could introduce this statement with version information. 

_In Astronomer version x.y.z and earlier, these environment variables were recommended when setting up a secrets backend. Astronomer now recommends using alternate environment variables to avoid unexpected behavior._ 

I'm not sure this information is helpful or necessary.
